<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui" >
	<h:head>
		<title>About / Über mich / Обо мне</title>
		<h:outputStylesheet>
			.jqplot-series-canvas {
				background: white;
			}
	
			.ui-datatable td {
				font-size: 10px;
			}
	
			body .ui-datatable thead th .ui-column-title {
				font-size: 10px;
			}
		</h:outputStylesheet>
	</h:head>


	<h:body>
			<p:outputPanel>
				<ui:insert name="menu">
					<ui:include src="/WEB-INF/common/menu.xhtml" />
				</ui:insert>
				<p:outputLabel value="About / Über mich / Обо мне"></p:outputLabel>
		<p>Maria Sin was born in 1985 and raised in Belarus. In 2014 moved
			to Dresden, Germany where received a degree in Chemistry. Currently
			Maria is living in Bremen, Germany and devotes all her time to master
			watercolor. Truly in love with the nature, its beauty and diversity,
			Maria tries to find her way to express all her feelings and inner
			passion to it. She is especially thrilled by the sea- scapes and
			tries to capture that bright moments of freedom and fickleness. Since
			2021 she started to participate in international watercolor
			exhibitions. Exhibitions: International Pyrenees (France) Watercolour
			Contest and Exhibition 2021 JIWI 21st International watercolor
			exhibition Japan 2021 International contest of watercolor art
			Watercolorium, St. Petersburg, 2021 IIId place Diploma 1st
			International Watercolor Festival IWS Russia Watercolor with Love
			2021 IV International Watercolor Festival IWS Slovenia Castra 2021
			Membership: Member of German Watercolor Society Member of IWS Germany
			Associater Member of Japan International Watercolor Institute</p>

		<p>Maria Sin wurde 1985 geboren und wuchs in Weißrussland auf. Im
			Jahr 2014 zog er nach Dresden, Deutschland, wo er einen Abschluss in
			Chemie erhielt. Momentan lebt Maria in Bremen, Deutschland und widmet
			ihre ganze Zeit dem Meistern des Aquarells. Ganz verliebt in die
			Natur, ihre Schönheit und Vielfalt, versucht Maria ihren Weg zu
			finden, all ihre Gefühle und ihre innere Leidenschaft dafür
			auszudrücken. Sie ist besonders von den Meereslandschaften begeistert
			und versucht, diese hellen Momente der Freiheit und Unbeständigkeit
			einzufangen. Seit 2021 nimmt sie an internationalen
			Aquarellausstellungen teil. Ausstellungen: Internationaler Pyrenäen
			(Frankreich) Aquarellwettbewerb und Ausstellung 2021 JIWI 21.
			Internationale Aquarellausstellung Japan 2021 Internationaler
			Wettbewerb für Aquarellkunst Watercolorium, St. Petersburg, 2021 III.
			Platz Diplom 1. Internationales Aquarellfestival IWS Russland
			Aquarell mit Liebe 2021 IV. Internationales Aquarellfestival IWS
			Slowenien Castra 2021 Mitgliedschaft: Mitglied der Deutschen
			Aquarellgesellschaft Mitglied des IWS Deutschland Assoziiertes
			Mitglied des Japan International Aquarell Institute</p>
			
		<p>Мария Син родилась в 1985 году, выросла в Беларуси. В 2014 году
			переехал в Дрезден, Германия, где получила степень по химии. В
			настоящее время Мария живет в Бремене, Германия, и все свое время
			посвящает акварели. По-настоящему влюбленная в природу, ее красоту и
			разнообразие, Мария пытается найти способ выразить к ней все свои
			чувства и внутреннюю страсть. Особенно ей нравятся морские пейзажи, и
			она старается запечатлеть эти яркие моменты свободы и непостоянства.
			С 2021 года Мария начала участвовать в международных акварельных
			выставках. Выставки: Международный конкурс и выставка акварели в
			Пиренеях (Франция) 2021 JIWI 21-я Международная выставка акварели
			Япония 2021 Международный конкурс акварельного искусства Акварелиум,
			Санкт- Петербург, 2021 г. Диплом III места 1-й Международный
			фестиваль акварели IWS Russia Акварель с любовью 2021 IV
			Международный фестиваль акварели IWS Slovenia Castra 2021 Членство:
			Член Немецкого общества акварелистов Член IWS Германия
			Член-корреспондент Японского международного института акварели</p>
			
	</p:outputPanel>
	</h:body>
</html>